High in this video we are going to talk about the error calculation.
OK.
We have been discussing that the arrow is something like the difference between the ideal output and
the actual output.
But we should create the formula for calculating the exact error.
So we have the input.
For example 0 0 0 1 1 0 1 1.
This is what we have been discussing for logical operators.
We have the idea load boots or the training targets.
0 1 0 1 0.
And then we get the actual output.
What we get we have for now we're on a network.
So if we Iran or an out of network we import 0 0.
Then we get for example 0.3 as the output you may pose the question that wait a bit.
If we use step function as an activation function then we are not going to be able to get numbers unless
it is minus 1 or plus 1.
OK but we do not have to use a step function as an activation function.
In this case we use the sigmoid function and this is the main advantage for the sigmoid activation function
that there can be resorts in the range 0 and 1 0.3.
0.2 0.4 0.5 as you can see there's a difference between what we should get and what we get from our
our network.
So the airwork term can be defined as the ideal minus the actual.
But that's not going to be the best solution possible.
We can define the mean square error or the so-called As each one divided by and basically we average
the difference between the ideal and actual output.
And we have to sum up the ideal of the training data minus the actual output.
And if we have to square a this is the mean square error.
So what's the ideal it is zero.
What's the actual.
It is 0.3.
What's the difference between the two of them.
It is 0.3 and we have to square it 0.3 squared words the mean square there or for the next three inning
game board we have the ideal one and we have the actual 0.1 so ideal minus actual 1 minus 0.2.
It is 0 that 8 and we have to square it so 0 that 8 squared.
What's the meaning squared at or for the next training data.
We have any idea of one actual 0.4 ideal minus actual want a minus 0.4 is 0.6 squared because we have
to square it.
Then the last two on 0 as the ideal 0.5 as the actual the difference is 0.5 Square because we have to
square it.
Then we have to sum them up and we have to divide it by the number of import.
So 1 2 3 4 in order to get the average of the error because we have an error or for the first line second
line or line and the fourth line basically every line is a training data.
So we have an arrow for the first training data.
Second training data training data and a force training data.
And we have to calculate an average for these errors.
OK.
So one divide by four because we have it one to four for training data zero minus 0.3 because this is
the ideal.
This is the actual end we have to square rate one minus 0.2 wanted minus 0.2 Square.
One of mine is 0.4 squared plus zero minus 0.5 Square and we have to divide it by 4 because we are looking
for an average.
We can define due to mean square there which is the root of the mean square there or basically we just
have to do a square root operation.
OK so the R MSE is the square root of the 1 divide by 4 because we have four training times zero minus
0.3.
Again we have to take the difference between the ideal and the actual one.
This is the square root of the mean square there or by the way.
And what is the intuition the intuition that we keep iterating on and out and that work.
Basically we change the edges weights and of Iran or out on that floor.
Again we got the calculated told to boot and we calculate the error term.
And the ideal situation is that the error term is going to be smaller and smaller.
So its going to be decreasing in the course of time.
So in the first iteration there may be a huge error or the next iteration going to be a bit smaller
or than the next iteration is smaller next iteration next iteration.
Why.
Because the difference between the ideal old boot and the actual load put is shrinking in the sense
that they are converging to each other.
And if for example this actual old booty 0 0 0 1 it is approximately the same as the ideal of one.
So it's going to be a very very small term.
If the actual output for the second training data is approximately one then this is going to be very
small.
And this one and this one if they are approximately equal.
So it means that if the actual output is the same approximately then detraining target then the error
term will be small.
So we are looking for a situation where the error term is as small as possible.
It means that all Nowel network is working fine.
It makes good predictions for the training data.
So that's all about the article on.
Thanks for watching.